That army guy. Is he
the man we saw last time?
I think so.
During your stay in Uruk,
I will be in charge of your safety.
I'm the commander, Captain Yoo Shi Jin.
Nice to meet you.
Hello.
From here to our destination, Mouru Airfield,
we'll be moving in the CH47 behind you.
You can only carry what you can fit in
the duffel bags we've provided you with.
-Really? -How’s it possible?
The rest will be transported over land
and you'll get them by tomorrow evening.
We'll be leaving at 13:25,10 minutes from now.
One, two, three.
Welcome!
I look normal, am I?
Yes, you are. Indeed.
That's the Medical Center
and there are our quarters.
I'm pushing forty.
It’s so terrible that I still need to live in a military dorm.
I like it. It feels like on-the-site investigation.
Who's your mother
I’m wondering how she brings you up
Shake that booty…
Everybody!
Shake that booty...
Since our stuff hasn't arrived,
there is not much to put away.
I thought it’s quite good.
I'm too tired to do anything anyway.
Knock, knock!
How have you been?
Don't you remember me?
I ran away from the ER.
Right! That thief!
Private Kim Ki Bum. Yes, that's me.
What are you doing here? This is so weird.
-I know. -Jump up and down.
Jump up and down?
You broke your ankle last time, did you?
I want to check you're okay now.
Thanks to you, I’m well now.
After passing the physical examination,
I’m a private now.
So you don't pickpocket anymore?
Private Kim Ki Bum here!
As one of Korean soldiers,
I values honor and faith
and united with the team.
Stop it! If you keep playing that,
you'll break the bed.
- You stop it. -Stop what?
Stop unpacking.
If we want to run, this is our only chance.
Do you know how many
endemic diseases you may get in a place like this?
-How many? -I don't know. That's why I'm asking you.
Let's run
before we catch one.
Get out! Back to your room!
Didn't you hear
the phone conversation between Mr. Han and Mo Yeon?
It sounds like a volunteer work.
But actually it’s a punishment.
Why do we have to
be punished?
I've known you for 30 years.
I'm already being punished.
You think that?
Knowing me is a punishment?
Or do you think it’s a gift?
Break! Break! Break!
How immature!
How should we do for that?
Sir, I need to check your camera.
Delete the photos you took just now, please.
Fine. It's not a good picture.
Can I take another one?
No, thank you. You're not supposed to take pictures here.
Why not?
I can't tell you because of regulations.
They say that all the time.
They have so many rules
which require them to do so.
How do you know that?
Did he not see me
or was he just pretending not?
Aren't you going to open it?
I'll open it later.
I can't wait.
What if there is a chocolate pie?
It's probably an explosive.
Why you insist doing that?
You only die once.
Let's open it.
Like a man!
I'm sure the ginseng belongs to Sergeant Im.
The guitar strings are for Sergeant Choi.
The drama DVD sets are for Corporal Gong.
What does she see in you, the guy who dumped her, anyway?
She even sent each one of his colleagues a present.
I don't understand why she's doing this.
That's why I ‘m so worried.
Where's mine?
You’re such mean couple.
By the way, she didn't send you anything either.
My present is on its way.
I think she is coming here.
She’s transferred here?
Sir!
On May 21st, 2015,
Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo was ordered to transfer
to the medical team of the Taebaek Unit in Mouru, Uruk.
Over, sir.
I'll come back safe and sound.
You have to go, right?
Yes, sir.
I'm so happy to go.
Like I've told you many times,
I like Yoo Shi Jin.
He's can be a general,
and I want him to be my son-in-law.
You do realize you're making
Seo Dae Young's life more difficult?
You can't pull rank when dealing with official matters.
Do you want to lose one of your best men, sir?
Seo Dae Young understood me
and decided to be a soldier.
I didn't lose anyone.
That's not becauseyou're a good father.
But Sergeant Seo Dae Youngis a real soldier.
That's why I love him
and am holding onto him.
If you interfere with me going there,
you're going to lose both Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo
and your daughter Yoon Myung Joo.
Over.
Really? Yoon Myung Joo's boyfriend
and that guy are there?
Yes. They've been deployed here.
I was so nervous at the airport.
I hope he didn't notice.
I'm sure he did.
Your fates must arrange that.
Or how come you guys have been reunited there.
Are you happy to see him again?
Not really. It's really awkward.
Hello? Hello?
Can you hear me? Hello?
-Mo Yeon. - Hello?
Kang Mo Yeon.
I can hear you. Hello?
Ew. The place is so remote.
Hey! Don't eat that. It’s so dirty.
Wait!
Eat this.
If you don't have enough food for everyone,
don't give them anything.
You even jumped over the fence.
You came over the fence as well, didn’t you?
You can’t reflect yourself, can you?
Go to the practice ground. They are having a party there.
You know Sergeant Choi?
Yes.
What did you tell them?
I said if they didn't go away,
I'd shoot at them.
Don't lie to me.
I call this a joke.
I have to go.
Don't move!
You stepped on a mine.
I stepped on a what? A mine?
Yes. On the right. Don't move!
Are you sure? I stepped on a mine?
What should I do? Am I going to die?
Counting on the time I was in a military school,
I've been in the army for 15 years.
I’ve seen no one has survived
after stepping on a mine.
How can you say that?
You're a soldier!
Do something!
You're a Special Forces soldier!
In movie,
I saw people disarming a mine with a Swiss army knife.
I saw that.
Including my boy scout years,
I've been in the field for 25 years.
I've only seen one person who
could disarm a mine using a Swiss Army Knife
You see? I told you. Who’s that?
The guy in the movie that you saw.
You jerk!
Did you call the only person
who can help you right now a jerk?
You said you couldn't help me.
What should I do? Am I going to die?
You're not going to die.
Do you have a plan?
Lift your foot.
I'll step on it for you.
What do you mean by that?
It won't blow up if you do that?
It'll blow up. I'll die instead of you.
You can't do that! That's nonsense!
Why would you die for me?
Go get someone. Quickly!
There's got to be a way.
Don't give up, even if you can't do it.
Come on!
What the heck? Why didn't it go off?
How have you been?
Why? You lied to me?
It was a lie!
You liar! Really!
What are you doing?
Are you okay? I was just...
Stop. Don't talk to me.
Stop following me.
You want some? It's so yummy.
Later. Leave some for me.
What do you want?
Meat?
What happened?
I made her cry.
After such a while?
I was shocked.
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
I'm used to fooling around with guys.
I crossed the line.
I'm really sorry.
Okay.
It's so good to see you again.
- Sound off!- One! Two! Three! Four! Five!
Six! Seven! Eight! Nine! Done!
Nine of all are present!Nothing further!
Since you’re all here, prepare for turning the light off.
-At ease!  -At ease!
Private Kim Ki Bum!
- Are you okay?- Yes.
I think they do this every morning, right?
If they do this every night,
I want to stay here.
If you make up your mind, let me know.
I'll take back my deposit of apartment.
I guess they woke you up.
I'm sorry, but can you move a little to the side?
What's the schedule for the medical services team?
Morning or afternoon?
Everyone! Stop!
-Attention.-One, two!
You've done running.
Go back to your barracks! Dismissed!
-Dismissed. Turn around!  -Back. Run!
Both morning and afternoon.
What's your schedule?
Here!
Hey! Hey!
Should we line up according to our ranks?
It'll hurt a lot when I draw blood.
I don't mind pain, ma'am.
What's going on?
- Sir!- At ease.
Excuse me! Can you come here?
Don't just leave.
It'll sting a bit.
That's strange. I can't find a vein.
Military officers always carry a gun.
A fully loaded gun.
Do you? Then You can shoot me.
Is this it?
I didn't even prick you.
If you're still mad at me about what happened yesterday...
I will not mad at you for this.
Is it here?
Yes.
You need to fill the bottle with blood.
Thank you.
- Well done. –Good job.
Thanks for your work.
Did you get your package?
I got it,
and thought I should drop by.
Thank you for the presents.
Thank you so much.
Don't mention it!
How about a babecue this weekend?
What’s that?
This is the Commander. What's happening?
Nothing special
but a car accident on a mountain road.
On a mountain road?
Did one of our trucks roll over?
It looks like a UN cargo truck.
We'll approach and see if there are any survivors.
Police! Hands up!
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
I'm UN. UN.
I'm hurt!
Treatment! Treatment!
Isn't he a UN man?
Even UN securities are not allowed to carry guns.
But they're carrying guns,
and with a foreign legion tattoo.
Their T-shirts are not fit either.
Then why they
pretending to be UN men?
I checked with the UN
and their IDs and vehicles are all fake.
We appreciate all your help. Thank you.
Thank you, sir!
We have to report this to headquarters.
It's a lot of paperwork.
Sir!
Are you okay? Did anyone get hurt?
It was merely a traffic accident.
You must've been shocked. Are you okay?
We've all workedin Emergency Room, so...
That's good. If you'll excuse me,
-I'm off to headquarters. -Okay.
I'm sorry,
but can you tell me
the Wi-Fi password?
Wi-Fi password?
I'm sorry, but civilians can't use army Wi-Fi
due to regulations.
Really? What should I do then…
There is an Internet cafes downtown.
Luckily, Captain Yoo will pass by.
He can give you a ride. What do you think?
Sergeant Seo, are you sick or something?
Don't worry about me and just go.
Sir!
Yes. I can send you the deposit money now.
I'm abroad,
but I cansend it with online banking.
I'll send it within an hour
and then text you.
Yes.
Are you moving home?
No. I'm going to resign from the hospital
open my own clinic.
Because of the scandal with Mr. Han?
How did you know?
When you're not around,
that's all they talk about.
Sounds like he’s not o good guy.
If he were a decent man,
I wouldn't be here.
I didn't let you go to date with a jerk like him.
I didn't go out....
It's a long story.
Anyway, the eventsthat brought me here aren't so happy.
What's that?
It's so far.
I didn't ask how far it is.
By the way, are you mad at me?
- No, I'm not.- Yes, you are!
No, I'm not.
This is the closest downtown area from the barracks.
Remember some landmarks.
I can't give you a ride every time.
Okay.
Wait!
You just need Internet, right?
This isn't place I need to go,
but the Internet will be faster here.
Hello!
You're that snobby guy.
Where's the owner?
Isn't this Daniel's?
Did Daniel say that this was his?
Daniel and I own this place together.
Where's Daniel?
I heard he was banned from entering the country.
I don't care what happened to that jerk.
Even if he comes back, I won't let him in here.
Who's this lady?
Is she a doctor from the medical services team?
I guess she is. I smell ethanol.
Who is she?
Her real job is
a nurse for Peacemaker.
I think this is her side job.
So she's doing
something good,but not profitable.
I'm doing something fun and I don't need money.
By the way,are you a psychic or something?
How did you know my job and my side job?
I think Daniel told me once.
A bout his Kareiskian wife.
I'm not his wife.
We're just co-workers.
By the way, what brings you here?
I have everything except Daniel.
She wants to use the Wi-Fi.
Ah! Wi-Fi! Let me see. Wi-Fi...
Are you sure I can use Wi-Fi here?
If you look carefully,
you can find missiles.
When you're done, wait here.
I'll be back in an hour.
Can you keep her here for a while?
Don't fight.
She's got a gun.
Well...
Don't worry.We have a router here somewhere.
At 09:00 am on Friday,
we transferred one body of local gang
and a suspect
to the local police station.
Over.
Roger that.
They're not selling
toy guns in the neighborhood.
You don't know
how high up this goes.
I know you Alpha Team are brave,
but they have no fear and no laws.
You cannot pretend to be the UN to cross the border anymore.
They know now
and have even dispatched the Korean Army to patrol the border.
We switched over.
Take it easy.
If things go bad,
there's only so much I can do.
You know,
I have my people in high positions.
Dead presidents?
Congratulations!You just got promoted.
Don't forget your present.
They smuggle weapons.
They're merchants of death.
You stay away from them.
You know better than I do.
You and I don't have much time staying here.
When we go back,both of us will get promoted.
Let's not get involved in this.Do you understand?
Yes, sir.
Write a thorough report.
Yes, sir!
And take this.
One transfer oder from from Company Mouru.
For Sergeant Seo.
He's being transferred to Special Forces.
An order from the commander.
I know. You can go.
Everyone! Stop!
Attention!
-Sir! -Sir!
Battalions three and five go on having lunch.
- At ease! -At ease!
Keep up the good work.
I'm here to eat.
Don't mind me and just eat your lunches.
Yes, sir!
Sergeant Seo Dae Young.
Are you seeing my daughter?
Yes, sir!
I'm worried about my daughter's future.
I hope
you will consider her future, too.
I believe thatyou know what I'm getting at.
Use the wisest way. I mean.
Is that an order?
I hope not, but
if it has to be, it will.
How you and I can keep our relationship honorable,
it's up to you
Your present is on its way.
I miss you so much.
Did you wire that money?
Thanks to you.
Did something bad happen?
One of my men is being transferred
back to Korea.
That Security Officer.
Sergeant.
You've done some work.
Are you jealous of him going home before you
or are you sad to see him go?
I'm frustrated because the order isn't fair.
You said you have to follow orders no matter what.
This order…
isn't from a superior.
but a father.
It seems that the TV show that Yoon Myung Joo's father is on
is playing now.
Actually, I've been wondering.
How did Myung Joo and Sergeant Seo meet?
Fighting!
When he was doing this 400-kilometer walk.
Keep walking!
Lieutenant Yoon was a member of the medical team.
I'll carry your kit.
If you give up, I'll kill you.
-Yes, sir! -Keep walking.
This is your third time coming back, right?
-What do you want? -Take off your boots.
No matter you love your fellow soldiers or you want to win,
but if you keep this up,
you might haveto accept a medical discharge.
Sergeant Seo Dae Young.
Even if I have to accept a medical discharge,
I need to win this.
You're trying to win
so you can get leave to go to your ex's wedding
and make a scene, aren’t you?
Exactly.
Really?
Yes!
Let's get out.
What are we doing here?
We're going to the beach we saw earlier.
It’s a perfect time before we get busy.
You said it was too far away.
I wanted to be with you longer.
This way.
Sergeant Seo ended up going
to his ex's wedding with Myung Joo.
If you want to hearthe rest, come with me.
Together? Why did Myung Joo go?
What do you want?
Congratulations! You'll be able to ruin your ex's wedding.
You know? I'm off today.
Aren't you a lucky man?
I asked what you wanted.
Is my question so hard to answer?
Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo?
Is my question hard to answer?
If you go make a scene,
she'll be glad that she left you.
She won't regret leaving you.
But if you go with me
I can make her regret leaving you.
That's my plan.
I like it.
On one condition.
Can you turn the mirror away from me?
She's good at breaking up couples.
By the way, what was her condition?
This is where I come into the picture.
The man my father wants to set me up with
is coming as your company commander.
My father said we were in the same military school.
Yoo Shi Jin?
He's already here. Two days ago.
Already?
Anyway, tell him that you're going out with me.
You don't like Lieutenant Yoo Shi Jin? Why not?
I don't like his appearance.
He's too sleek and pretty.
- Deal?- Deal.
I like your reasons.
Do you like my combat outfit as well?
I picked a white dress on purpose.
If I let my hair down
and wear high heels. I'm amazingly pretty.
Prettier than the bride.
What do you think?
You're going for...
Isn't it obvious?
A vindictive virgin ghost?
An angel.
Let's go.
So.You're the guy Myung Joo's father picked
as her future husband?
Yes.Wait here for a moment.
- Let's go. - Hold on.
That means that Myung Joo, Sergeant Seo,
and you are in a love triangle?
Yes. Take my hand.
Is it still going on?
-Yes. -What's your take on the situation?
Why do you care about my take on this?
You're the one who dumped me.
I was just curious.
I was just curious. I don't care what your idea is.
You look like you care a lot.
Have a seat.
Hold on tight. You might fly away.
Wow! This place is so surreal.
How can a place like this exist?
This is so beautiful.
We can come back.
The locals believe
if you take a pebble from this beach,
you'll definitely come back.
Here.
You just made that up, didn't you?
If it were true,
why are there so many pebbles here?
They should pick up all of them.
When they come back, they put them back.
Such a romantic story.
Look at the ship. Can I go in it?
By the way, why is this ship here?
It's haunted.
This is what happens
if you're haunted by beauty.
Have you been haunted?
I have. I'm sure you know.
I remember
I don't have your answer yet.
How have you been?
Are you still sexy in the operating room?
Don't get me wrong.
I didn't come here for a great cause of doing public service.
Someone who's more powerful than me dragged me down.
He sent me here.
Besides, I don't do operating anymore.
Operating skills aren't helping my career at all.
I'm going back soon.
I will get back up to my job.
I'm busy.
Right.
Okay.
Here.
In a place like this,
this is how you eat.
You'll remember this for the rest of your life.
It's ready. Perfect.
Grab your spoons!
-Go! -Wait!
Let me take some out first.
Top beinga rich and spoiled prince.
You can't take the yolk like that.That's not fair.
Did you just put inside the spoon
that you’re used?
Crap. I finished.
Doctors are supposed to be hygienic.
How can they eat from the same bowl?
So I didn't eat dinner.
I'm okay
except we don't have hot water...
Oh my!
Darling! I'll call you back.
Hey! You…
Please give me some food.
I heard that if I came here,
you will give me some food.
I couldn't come yesterday.
Stop right there!
You can't go around with those dirty hands.
touching people's clothes
Hey!
He just threw up and fainted?
Yes. It might be malnutrition.
So I put him on an IV.
His voice is normal.
It's not pneumonia.
But it doesn’t seem like anemia
caused by malnutrition.
His condition is quite critical.
Pain between the liver and the spleen.
What about lead poisoning?
Lead poisoning doesn't show acute symptoms like this.
Was he sucking something?
Yes. He was asking for food while sucking his finger.
But he was speaking local dialect.
I didn’t know what he needed.
No! Eat this.
We should detox him first.
Give high doses of
Vitamin C and EDTA.
Is it lead poisoning?
He's anemic with malnutrition
and he's consumed lead.
The red blood cells mistook the lead for a nutrient and absorbed it.
The level of lead went up so suddenly.
It turns into an acute course.
You're amazing. I'll go get the medicine.
Let me know when he wakes up.
I can translate for you.
Thank you for your help.
But can you let the medical services team take...
If you feel gratitude,
that's where it ends.
What do you mean?
You believed in the dignity of life
and no value that surpasses that.
What I meant is that you seemed
like a different person from the one I knew.
Anemia from malnutrition and lead poisoning
are rarely seen in Korea.
In this country,
they're as common as colds.
Even if they were rare,
it would be nice if there is a doctor who knew about them.
Of course.
But not all doctorsare Albert Schweitzer.
You're right.
Some a doctor on show in needed.
If you'll excuse me.
FPCON2 is in effect in
the Medical Zone.
What's wrong?Has a war broken out or something?
If so, I'll treat enemy soldiers as well.
I took an oath.
The medical services team has been summoned.
Is the Medical Hospital our operation zone?
The VIP patient is on his way to the zone.
The ETA?
This is Mubarat, the chairman of the Arab League.
To sign the Middle East Peace Treaty,
he was coming back from his unofficial visit to North Uruk.
He's third in line in the Abu Dhabi royal family.
He has settled down political and border disputes,
put forward the peace agreement
and he’s the key figure among.
With the Middle East Peace Talks,
he's become a favorite to win the Nobel Peace Prize.
But for the opposition party,
he's the first politician they want to get rid of.
Get the car ready.I'm going to the Blue House.
These are history sheets from the VIP's doctor.
Thank you.
What's this?
They covered all them up.
How can we diagnose for him?
In the history sheets of a VIP,
there are more lies than truths here.
You mean they recorded
the wrong information here?
What kind of sick doctor does that?
A doctor like me.
Just as poor people need doctors like Schweitzer,
these powerful people need special doctors as well.
For a VIP patient,
his medical history could be his shortcomings.
That's why
the president's health condition is confidential.
How are things?
Nothing special.First aid treatment starts.
Okay. Now the Blue House knows.
Report every detail to me.
Yes, sir!
Blood pressure 175 over 110, pulse rate 100, and item 70.
His BP is high and his pulseis fast and erratic.
He's drowsy.
I think he's hypoglycemic.
He's diabetic according to the sheet.
Might it be an insulin issue?
Let's treat that first.
50 DW IV please.
Wait!
This is a prescription from the president's doctor.
Nitroglycerin?
Why a blood thinner?
He's diabetic.
A side effect of the insulin?
Something’s wrong?
I told you that you can't trust the sheet.
If you change the diagnosisand symptoms,
it makes sense.
It's not a high blood pressure caused by hypoglycemia
but hypoglycemia due to a cardiac problem.
Give this to him.
His blood pressure is slumping all of a sudden.
Open up the IV.
Why would it be? Abdominal distention?
What's going on?
What's the situation?
Abdominal distention and blood pressure deterioration.
Hematocoelia?
It's intraperitoneal bleeding.
He's got more secrets.
I need to do him an operation.
I'll perform a celiotomy.Get the OR ready.
Okay.
Hands off!
I can't let you do that.
I can't let you operate on him.
The president's doctor will be here in an hour.
What do you mean? He won't last an hour
if I don't do the operation now.
Not even 20 minutes.
I can't allow just anyone to put a knife
through the leader of the Arab world.
You're not listening.
if I don't operate in 20 minutes.
He'll die
Hands off.
Only Arab doctors
can operate on President Mubarat.
Everybody, stand down!
Fine.I'm not trying to change history here.
But as soon as I take my hands off,
he will die.
His BP's dropping again.
Listen to me!Saving his life isn't our concern.
Our concern is who's responsible.
Do whatever those Arabs want.
Even if the patient dies,
we can judge the doctor
as her personal negligence.
We shouldn't get involved.
That's an order.
Do you think you can save him?
What?
I need to do the operation first,
but somewhere along the biliary tract...
No need to explain.
Tell me ifyou can save him or not.
As a doctor.
You idiot!What do you think you're doing?
Answer me!
I can save him.
Then save him.
Next Episode
War's about to break out.
I'm going to kill you all for disobedience.
His blood pressure is dropping rapidly.
He's bleeding too much.
What should we do?
If he dies,
they'll kill us all, won't they?
Charge Captain Yoo Shi Jin
with insubordination.
Detain him in the barracks.
Why did you do such a reckless thing?
A reckless thing? Because of me, a man's life...
I can't find Captain Yoo.
Where is he?
If he violates an order,
he will be sent to jail under martial law.
You insisted to do an operation.
How could you not know?